Remove KedroSession activate/deactivate mechanism (#1434)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Introduced `after_command_run` CLI hook.
* Update sections on visualisation, namespacing, and experiment tracking in the spaceflight tutorial to correspond to the complete spaceflights starter.
* Fixed `Jinja2` syntax loading with `TemplatedConfigLoader` using `globals.yml`.

> * Deprecated global `_active_session`, `_activate_session and `_deactivate_session`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed global `_active_session`, `_activate_session` and `_deactivate_session`. Plugins that need to access objects such as the config loader should now do so through `context` in the new `after_context_created` hook.
```

> * Removed global `_active_session`, `_activate_session` and `_deactivate_session`. Plugins that need to access objects such as the config loader should now do so through `context` in the new `after_context_created` hook.

Reviewer 2: 👍
